Add configuration screen documentation (#137)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/misc/config.md

:::caution
These events are called for all configurations for the mod; the `ModConfig` object provided should be used to denote which configuration is being loaded or reloaded.
:::
## Configuration Screen

> A mod can use the build-in configuration screen that NeoForge provides. A configuration screen allows users to edit the config values for a mod while in-game without needing to open any files. The screen will automatically parse your registered config files and populate the screen. Mods can extend ConfigurationScreen to change the behavior of the default screen or make their own configuration screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mod can use the built-in configuration screen that NeoForge provides. A configuration screen allows users to edit the config values for a mod while in-game without needing to open any files. The screen will automatically parse your registered config files and populate the screen. Mods can extend `ConfigurationScreen` to change the behavior of the default screen or make their own configuration screen.
```

> A configuration screen can be registered for a mod by registering a `IConfigScreenFactory` extension point during mod construction on the [client][client]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A configuration screen can be registered for a mod by registering a `IConfigScreenFactory` extension point during mod construction on the [client]:
```

You don't need the duplicate text if it's the same key.

```java
// In the main client mod file
public ExampleModClient(ModContainer container) {
    // This will use NeoForge's ConfigurationScreen to display this mod's configs
    container.registerExtensionPoint(IConfigScreenFactory.class, ConfigurationScreen::new);
}
```

> The configuration screen can be accessed in game by going to the 'Mods' page, selecting the mod from the sidebar, and clicking the 'Config' button. Startup, Common, and Client config options will always be editable at any point. Server configs are only editable in the screen when playing on a world locally. If connected to a server or to another person's LAN world, Server config option will be disabled in the screen.

Reviewer: Are the different configs shown on the same screen, or do they have they own separate groups?

Author: First page of config screen shows all your config files. So you would see client, common, server etc. You click on the config type you want to edit the values of. I figured it's pretty self-explanatory once you see it in-person

Author: Added another sentence for this

:::warning

> Be sure to add translations for all configs! After visiting all of the mod's config screen pages and then back out to the mod list, all untranslated config entries that were encountered will be printed to the console. This makes it easier to know what to translate and what the translation keys are. 

Reviewer: This sentence feels a bit awkward. It needs to be more direct at saying, 'add translations. To help, anything without a translation key will be printed to the console.'

Author: cleaned up now

> You can specify a specific translation key for a config by using the `ModConfigSpec$Builder#translation` method. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a translation key for a config by using the `ModConfigSpec$Builder#translation` method:
```

```java
ConfigValue<T> value = builder.comment("Comment")
    .translation("modid.configuration.config_value_name")
    .define("config_value_name", defaultValue);
```
:::

[toml]: https://toml.io/
[nightconfig]: https://github.com/TheElectronWill/night-config
[configtype]: #configuration-types
[type]: https://github.com/neoforged/FancyModLoader/blob/1b6af92893464a4f477cab310256639f39d41ea7/loader/src/main/java/net/neoforged/fml/config/ModConfig.java#L81-L114
[events]: ../concepts/events.md#registering-an-event-handler

> [client]: ../concepts/sides.md#@Mod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[client]: ../concepts/sides.md#mod
```

[configtype]: #configuration-types
[type]: https://github.com/neoforged/FancyModLoader/blob/1b6af92893464a4f477cab310256639f39d41ea7/loader/src/main/java/net/neoforged/fml/config/ModConfig.java#L81-L114
[events]: ../concepts/events.md#registering-an-event-handler

> 

Reviewer: First, put this above the urls at the bottom of the page.

## Configuration Screen

> A mod can use the build-in configuration screen that NeoForge provides. It will automatically parse your registered config files and populate the screen. Mods can extend ConfigurationScreen to change the behavior of the default screen or make their own configuration screen.

Reviewer: What is a configuration screen? This is too brief.

> For a mod to opt into having NeoForge's default configuration screen to show up for that mod in then mod list menu, the mod only need to add one line to the mod's client-entry-point:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A configuration screen can be registered for a mod by registering a `IConfigScreenFactory` extension point during mod construction on the client:
```
Additionally, link the client part to the sides documentation.

```java
// In the main client mod file
public ExampleModClient(ModContainer container) {
    container.registerExtensionPoint(IConfigScreenFactory.class, ConfigurationScreen::new);
}
```

> To access the configuration screen in-game, go to the mod list and then select the mod. Click the Config button and the configuation screen will show up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration screen can be accessed in game by going to the 'Mods' page, selecting the mod from the sidebar, and clicking the 'Config' button.
```

This also needs more information on how client, common, and server configs are accessed from the config GUI.

> :::tip

Reviewer: This makes more sense as a warning.

> Be sure to add translations for all configs! After visiting all of the mod's config screen pages and then back out to the mod list, all untranslated config entries that were encountered will be printed to the console. This makes it easier to know what to translate and what the translation keys are.

Reviewer: How do you add a translation to a config?
